Add Docs for Block Values in PAC Dynamic Variables (#1907)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/guide/authoringprs.md

| pull_request_labels | The labels of the pull request separated by a newline                                                                                                                           | `{{pull_request_labels}}`           | bugs\nenhancement                                                                                                                                             |

### Defining Parameters with Object Values in YAML

When working with YAML, especially in the context of defining params, you may want to pass an object in a dynamic variable (e.g., {{ body }})
as the value of a parameter. However, YAML's validation rules do not allow this kind of value to be defined inline in flow scalars formats.

When you attempt to define a parameter like this:

```yaml
spec:
  params:
    - name: body
      value: {{ body }} # this way you will get yaml validation error
  pipelineSpec:
    tasks:
```

> It results in a YAML validation error because the object or dynamic value cannot be placed directly in the flow scalar format (i.e., inline).

Reviewer: you can just say inline, no need to say about flow scalare which is very internal to the yaml parser

> ### Defining Parameters with Object Values in YAML
> 
> When working with YAML, especially in the context of defining params, you may want to pass an object in a dynamic variable (e.g., {{ body }})
> as the value of a parameter. However, YAML's validation rules do not allow this kind of value to be defined inline.
> 
> When you attempt to define a parameter like this:
> 
> ```yaml
> spec:
>   params:
>     - name: body
>       value: {{ body }} # this way you will get yaml validation error
>   pipelineSpec:
>     tasks:
> ```
> 
> It results in a YAML validation error because the object or multiline string cannot be placed inlined.
> 
> To avoid this issue and ensure your YAML is correctly validated, you need to define the value in block format instead of the inline format.
> See example:
> 
> ```yaml
> spec:
>   params:
>     - name: body
>       value: |
>         {{ body }}
>     # Or use `>` to specify that value will be in block format
>     - name: pull_request
>       value: >
>         {{ body.pull_request }}
>   pipelineSpec:
>     tasks:
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Defining Parameters with Object Values in YAML

When working with YAML, particularly when defining parameters, you might encounter situations where you need to pass an object or a dynamic variable (e.g., `{{ body }}`) as the value of a parameter. However, YAML's validation rules prevent such values from being defined inline.

For instance, if you attempt to define a parameter like this:

```yaml
spec:
  params:
    - name: body
      value: {{ body }}  # This will result in a YAML validation error
  pipelineSpec:
    tasks:
```

You will encounter a YAML validation error because objects or multiline strings cannot be placed inline. To resolve this issue and ensure your YAML is correctly validated, you should define the value in block format instead of inline. Here’s an example:

```yaml
spec:
  params:
    - name: body
      value: |
        {{ body }}
    # Alternatively, use '>' to specify that the value will be in block format
    - name: pull_request
      value: >
        {{ body.pull_request }}
  pipelineSpec:
    tasks:
```

By using the block format, you can avoid validation errors and ensure that your YAML is properly structured.
```

Reviewer: the formatting is bad with github for this here is the change https://paste.openstack.org/raw/btFGrRWYTPlrnkVuak92/
